hit enter and ship
into production. Zero touch
engineering. 90% of the
time, there's no issues.
And that number keeps
going up. Every tool
release, every model release,
every time they improve
their organic layer. Okay.
Now imagine the other
scenario. Let's say you're
standing still or you're
moving away, right? Say
you're running away. You
open up the terminal,
you look at JIRA,
right? You look at
your task management tool,
you pull it up
in your in-loop IDE.
Hopefully you're using cloud
code, but if you're
not on board with
some of these ideas,
you're probably maybe not
even using it, right?
Maybe you don't use
an agent at all.
You write the prompt,
you sit, you wait,